In linear regression analysis, which values can provide a measure of the variability in the response variable that is not explained by the regression model?
1-Predicted values  -Selected
2-Residual values
3-Standardized values
4-Fitted values

Which data set, when visualized, would follow a normal distribution?
1-5,6,6,7,7,7,8,8,9  -Selected
2-5,5,7,7,7,8,8,8,9
3-5,5,5,5,5,6,7,8,9
4-5,6,7,8,8,9,9,9,9

Autocorrelation is:
1-The correlation of a time series with a lagged version of itself  -Selected
2-The correlation of a time series with another time series
3-The automatic detection of a relationship between two time series
4-The upward and downward movement of a time series

An important pre-processing step in many natural language processing tasks is to split sentences into individual units. What is this process called?
1-Lemmatization
2-POS tagging
3-Stemming
4-Tokenization  -Selected

One method to measure the spread of a variable is to calculate the difference between the third and first quartile. This measure is called:
1-The mid quartile
2-The inter quartile range  -Selected
3-The differential quartile
4-The variance measure

To which category of machine learning techniques does K-means belong?
1-Reinforcement learning
2-Semi-supervised learning
3-Supervised learning
4-Unsupervised learning  -Selected

Which type of plot shows the median and the data spread about the median?
1-Boxplot  -Selected
2-Barplot
3-Scatterplot
4-Stripplot

Cassava plants are a key food security crop in Sub-Saharan Africa but viral diseases are a major source of poor yields.
A survey in Uganda has yielded a dataset with over 20,000 labelled images of healthy and diseased cassava plants. 
What kind of machine learning technique would most likely produce the best results in helping to identify common cassava plant diseases from the images?
1-Logistic regression
2-Hierachical clustering
3-Random forest
4-Neural network  -Selected

You're a data scientist at a prominent logistics company. Your team has estimated that on average the company experiences 0.1 equipment failures per day.
What is the most suitable distribution that you could use to model equipment failures for 365 days?
1-Normal distribution
2-Exponential distribution
3-Uniform distribution
4-Poisson distribution  -Selected

Which of the following situations would be most suited to a logistic regression?
1-Predicting the amount of time a family takes to get their kid to school
2-Predicting the number of parents arriving at a clinic for checkups of a newborn
3-Predict the home ownership status of a family based on an estimation of theis income  -Selected
4-Predicting the monthly electricity consumption in kWh of residential buildings

What are some important considerations in choosing to apply Deep Learning?

(A) Quantity of training data  -Selected
(B) Structure of the data  -Selected
(C) Reliability of the model  -Selected
(D) Available hardware  -Selected

Graphical processing units enabled the development of deep learning models from neural networks. When does a neural network become a deep learning model?
1-When the neural network will be used to classify images
2-When more hidden layers are added to a neural network  -Selected
3-When the neural network is comned with another machine learnig model
4-When the neural networki will be used to process Big Data

Which of the following situations would be most suited to a logistic regression?
1-Predicting the amount of time a customer will take to pay for goods they buy
2-Predicting the number of users arriving at your online store an a given day
3-Predicting the total revenue on a given day based on number of customers  -Selected
4-Predicting whether a customer will buy a product that you are selling

The Belgian government would like to determine how much fries, in kilogram, the average Belgian adult consumes per year. 
Should they use a hypothesis test or a confidence interval?
1-A hypothesis test because their goal is to investigate a particular researsh claim
2-A hypothesis test because their goal is to estimate a population parameter  -Selected
3-A confidence interval because their goal is to investigate a particular research claim
4-A confidence interval because their goal is to estimate a population parameter

In which scenario will a clustering algorithm be the most appropriate machine learning algorithm to apply?
1-In the development of a fraud detection system where you have a decent sized training data set with a labelled output
2-In the development of a machine translation service
3-in the development of a system to group like minded twitter users  -Selected
4-In the development of a system to predict the quality of a manufactured product from known upstram metrics
